









Terms of Service - Urban One














































































































 




















 



You seem to have Javascript disabled. This website needs javascript in order to function properly!        



















⁝ Company

About Us
Investor Relations
Corporate Responsibility


⁝ Brands

TV One
CLEO TV
Radio One
Reach Media
iOne Digital
One Solution
R1 Digital
One VIP


⁝ Events

Live Events
Community Events


⁝ News

Press
Insights


Careers
Contact










 
URBAN ONE
 TERMS OF SERVICE



Effective Date: August 31, 2021
 
Urban One, Inc. and its family of affiliate and subsidiary entities, including but not limited to Interactive One LLC d/b/a IONE Digital, TV One, LLC; Cleo TV, LLC , BlackPlanet, Bossip, MadameNoire, LLC and Reach Media, Inc., (“Urban One” or “we” or “us” or “our”) are pleased to provide you with its websites, digital and social media (including our branded pages on third-party social media platforms), applications, content, and other services, surveys, sweepstakes, contests on websites and other digital platforms, or however else you may interact with us (collectively, the “Service(s)” or “Urban One Service(s)”). These Terms of Service (“Terms”) apply to all Urban One Services that link to these Terms regardless of the platform or device used.
 
In some instances, you may be asked to agree to separate terms setting forth additional conditions may apply to a service or product offered by Urban One as is the case with our OneVIP Program and debit card (“Additional Terms”). Any Additional Terms are incorporated by reference into these Terms. To the extent there is a conflict between these Terms and any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control unless the Additional Terms expressly state otherwise.
 
Note to BlackPlanet Users. If you are a BlackPlanet user, please carefully read the BlackPlanet Community Guidelines and our general Acceptable Use Policy, both of which can be found below at Section 4.
 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE URBAN ONE SERVICES, AS THEY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS. If you do not agree with these Terms, please do not use our Services.
 
Table of Contents

Introductions and Updates
Account Access and Security 
Our Intellectual Property Rights and Limited License to You
Acceptable Use Policy 
User Generated Content; No Obligation to Monitor
Submissions
Infringement Policy 
Meetups
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities
Third Party Websites and Content
Linking Policy
Charges for Services
Dispute Resolution
General
Contacting Us

_____________________________
 
 
1. Introductions and Updates
 
Welcome!  We have to cover a few legal matters and then you can get started using the Urban One Services.
 
By accepting these Terms, and accessing the Services, you are: (1) entering into a binding agreement with Urban One, a United States company, (2) acknowledging that you agree to all of the terms in these Terms; and (3) certifying that you are over the age of majority in your jurisdiction. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not authorized to use the Services.  You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to User Generated Content (as defined below) that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
 
We may update and modify any portion of the Services and/or the Terms at any time. We reserve the right to discontinue any of the Services at any time and we further reserve the right to charge for access to portions of the Services, or to the Services as a whole. To the extent we make any material changes to our Terms that may restrict your rights or limit your access to the Services, we will provide prominent notice of such changes via the Services you are using (either on the site or platform or via email or push notification).  Your use of the Services after an update to the Terms constitutes your agreement to the updated Terms.
 
 
2. Account Access and Security
 
You may be required to create an account (“Account”) in order to access certain areas on the Services. When you create an Account, you agree to provide us with current, complete and accurate registration information, and you agree to be responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the information provided. You are responsible for any activity that takes place under your Account, so please maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you create.
 
Urban One is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account, either with or without your knowledge.  You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use or any other breach of security relating to your Account.
 
Urban One reserves the right to terminate your Account if, in our sole discretion, we have determined that you have violated these Terms.
 
 
3. Our Intellectual Property Rights and Limited License to You
 
Your use of the Services shall be solely limited to your personal, non-commercial use.  All copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and other intellectual property rights (collectively, “IP Assets”) in the Services are owned by Urban One or our licensors.  Except as we specifically agree in writing, no element of the Services (including any source or object code contained therein) may be used or exploited in any way other than as part of the Services offered to you.
 
The Services contain images, audio, and other material that is derived in whole or in part from material supplied and owned by Urban One as well as third parties we work with (collectively, “Urban One Content”).  As between Urban One and you, Urban One owns all right, title and interest in and to IP Assets throughout the world associated with the Urban One Content.  You acknowledge Urban One’s valid intellectual and proprietary property rights in the Urban One Content and agree not to take action in contravention of those rights. Nothing in these Terms shall be deemed to convey to you any right, title or interest in or to the Urban One Content or to any portion thereof except for the limited rights expressly granted herein. Any unauthorized use of the Urban One Content is strictly prohibited.
 
To the extent that Urban One  makes Urban One  Content available to you via a widget, embedded player or other technology that allows you to embed or stream Urban One  Content on or to another site, you may not in any way modify, enhance, remove, interfere with, or otherwise alter any portion of such technology, any digital rights management mechanism or other content protection or access control measure associated with Urban One Content, or any advertisement delivered with Urban One Content.
 
Nothing in these Terms gives you a right to use any of Urban One’s IP Assets, domain names, and other distinctive brand features, unless Urban One has explicitly agreed otherwise in writing.
 
Our License to You
 
Urban One gives you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access the Services for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Urban One Services in the manner permitted by these Terms. Your failure to keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact will void this license. You may not modify Urban One Content or Services or allow a third party to do so. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to any intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. You may not use the Urban One Services or Urban One Content in any manner that suggests that you have an association with Urban One.
 
Any use of the Urban One Services or Urban One Content by you other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Unauthorized use may also violate government laws, including copyright and trademark laws and communications regulations and statutes. This license is revocable by Urban One at any time without notice and with or without cause.
 
 
4. Acceptable Use Policy
 
BlackPlanet Community Guidelines. Users of BlackPlanet, please review the BlackPlanet Community Guidelines available, which are part of this Acceptable Use Policy for all users of that service. In addition to complying with this Acceptable Use Policy, all users of the BlackPlanet service must review and agree to the BlackPlanet Community Guidelines.
Acceptable Use. The following rules are a condition of your use of and access to the Services. You are solely responsible for the content of your communications via the Services.
 

No Interference. You may not interfere with any other user’s ability to use or enjoy the Services.
No Bullying. You may not use the Services to threaten abuse, harass, or invade the privacy of any third party.
Be Yourself. You may not impersonate any person or entity, nor falsely state or otherwise misrepresent yourself, your age or your affiliation with any person or entity.  You may not register for an Account on behalf of or as an individual other than yourself.
Your Use Must Be Lawful and Appropriate. You may not upload, post, distribute or facilitate the distribution of any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise inappropriate information of any kind, including, without limitation, any images or other material of a sexual or graphic nature.
Don’t Damage the Services or Our Servers. You may not knowingly or intentionally take any action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on the Service or its servers and infrastructures. You may not upload, post or otherwise distribute or facilitate the distribution of a software virus or any other computer code that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of the Services, nor may you attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Services or Urban One Content or any data or other information of any third party.
No Unauthorized Access. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems or networks connected to the Services, Urban One Content or any information contained therein for any unlawful purpose. You also agree that you will not use any robot, spider, rover, scraper, other data mining technology or automatic or manual process to monitor, cache, frame, mask, extract data from, copy or distribute the Services (including its source code or object code or any portion thereof) or Urban One Content (except as it may be a result of a standard Internet browser or search engine).
No Commercial Use. You may not modify, frame, reproduce, archive, sell, lease, rent, exchange, create derivative works from, publish by hard copy or electronic means, publicly perform, display, disseminate, distribute, broadcast, retransmit, circulate to any third party or on any third-party web site, or otherwise use the Services or the Urban One Content for any public or commercial purpose except as specifically permitted by these Terms or Urban One without the prior written consent of Urban One.
No Collection of Personal Information from Other Users and No Commercial Use. You may use or collect information about other users of the Services for the purpose of transmitting or facilitating the transmission of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail, chain letters, or any other form of unauthorized solicitation.
No Criminal or Unlawful Conduct. You may not use the Services, Urban One Content or any information contained therein for any unlawful purpose, and you may not encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability. You may not use the Services in connection with any site or other use that contains or is associated with information or content prohibited by this section.

 
We reserve the right to take, or refrain from taking, any and all steps available to us, including suspending or terminating your access to the Services or seeking other legal or equitable remedies, if we become aware of a material violation of these provisions.
 
 
5. User Generated Content: No Obligation to Monitor
 
User Generated Content – Your License to Us
 
The Services may allow you to post, upload and/or contribute text, images, audio, video, competition entries or other content (“User Generated Content”), which may be accessible and viewable by the other users of the Services and the public. You are solely responsible for any User Generated Content you provide and for any consequences thereof. You represent that you have the right to post any User Generated Content which you post to the Services, and that such User Generated Content, or its use by us as contemplated by these Terms, does not violate these Terms, applicable law, or the intellectual property or publicity rights of others. This means:
 

User Generated Content Must Be Yours. This means that you have created the photo or video and you have permission from everyone pictured in the photos and videos you upload.
Your User Generated Content Doesn’t Include Third Party Content. Your User Content should not contain any visible logos, phrases or trademarks or other third-party materials. Do not use any User Generated Content that belongs to other people and pass it off as your own. This includes any content that you might have found elsewhere on the Internet.
Your User Generated Content Doesn’t Contain Third Party Music. Your User Generated Content may not contain any music unless the work and performance is original to you and/or you have all rights to the musical work (including any performances). This restriction includes, without limitation, jingles, and sampling.
Your User Generated Content Complies with Our Acceptable Use Policy. Your User Generated Content must not be offensive, defamatory or promote any illegal activity. Your User Generated Content may not promote violence or describe how to perform a violent act. Your User Generated Content and use of our Services must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy described above at Section 4 of these Terms.
You Are Not Misrepresenting Yourself. Do not impersonate any other person, user or company or upload or post User Generated Content that you know is false, fraudulent, deceptive, inaccurate, misleading or that misrepresents your identity or affiliation with a person or company.

 
We do not claim ownership to your User Generated Content; however, by uploading or posting to the Services, you grant us a non-exclusive, sublicensable, irrevocable and royalty-free worldwide license to use, reproduce, transmit, print, publish, publicly display, exhibit, distribute, index, comment on, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works based upon, and otherwise exploit such User Generated Content for any purpose, including the right to use your name and likeness as contained therein, in whole or in part, in all media formats and channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the Services and on third-party sites and platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat YouTube and Twitter), without further notice to you, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of permission from or payment to you or any other person or entity. You acknowledge and agree that may use any ideas, concepts, know how or techniques contained in any User Generated Content for any purposes whatsoever including but not limited to in advertising or informational articles.
 
User Generated Content – Your Responsibility
 
Your Responsibilities.  You are solely responsible for your User Generated Content.  This means that you, and not urban One, are entirely responsible and liable for any claims, loss or damages relating to all User Generated Content that you upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit via the Services.
 
Your Representations and Warranties.  You represent and warrant that your User Generated Content conforms to these terms and that you own or have the necessary rights and permissions, without the need for payment to any other person or entity, to use and exploit, and to authorize us to use and exploit, your User Generated Content in all manners contemplated by these Terms. You agree to indemnify and hold us and our subsidiary and affiliated companies, and each of their respective employees and officers, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against us by any third party arising out of or in connection with our use and exploitation of your User Generated Content. You also agree not to enforce any moral rights, ancillary rights or similar rights in or to the User Generated Content against us or our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and agree to procure the same agreement not to enforce from others who may possess such rights.
 
No Obligation to Monitor
 
We have the right but not the obligation to monitor, screen, post, remove, modify, store and review User Generated Content or communications sent through a Service, at any time and for any reason, including to ensure that the User Generated Content or communication conforms to these Terms, without prior notice to you. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse nor guarantee the opinions, views, advice or recommendations posted or sent by users. We have no obligation to resolve user disputes.
 
 
6. Submissions
 
While we are always happy to hear from you, it is our policy not to accept or consider creative materials, ideas, or suggestions other than those we specifically request. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if unsolicited ideas are similar to those we have developed independently. Therefore, you agree that you will NOT send to us any original creative materials such as screenplays, stories, original artwork, etc. Any communication or material you do transmit to Urban One by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post via the Services shall be deemed the property of Urban One and may be used by us for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Urban One is free to use and shall be deemed to own, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Services for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. The disclosure, submission, or offer of any submissions to Urban One via the Services shall constitute an assignment to Urban One of all worldwide rights, titles, and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in such submission. Urban One  may edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate, and otherwise use in any medium any submission that you forward to Urban One and will own exclusively all such rights, titles, and interest and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of the submission. Urban One is and shall be under no obligation to: (1) maintain any of your or any user’s submissions in confidence; (2) to pay to you or any user any compensation for any submissions; or (3) to respond to any of your or any other user’s submissions.
 
 
7. Copyright Infringement Policy (DMCA)
 
You may not use the Services for any purpose or in any manner that infringes the rights of any third party. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA“) (www.copyright.gov), Urban One has a designated agent for receiving notices of copyright infringement and we follow the notice and take down procedures of the DMCA. We may also terminate the accounts of users whom we deem (in our reasonable discretion) to be repeat infringers.
 
Procedure.
 
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Urban One’s copyright agent the following information as required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the DMCA, 17 U.S.C. § 512: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the you; (e) a statement that you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Here is the contact information for our DMCA agent:
 
Business & Legal Affairs
Interactive One, LLC
4 New York Plaza
Suite 501
New York, NY 10004
Fax: (646) 224-9595
dmca@interactiveone.com
 
It is often difficult to determine if your intellectual property rights have been violated. We may request additional information before we remove any allegedly infringing material. If a dispute develops as to the correct owner of the rights in question, we reserve the right to remove your content along with that of the alleged infringer pending resolution of the matter.
 
 
8. Meetups
 
Urban One may offer a platform or tools for users to schedule face to face meetings with one or more other users in public settings (“Meetups”).  In no way does Urban One endorse, sponsor, approve oversee or control such Meetups, unless otherwise stated in writing.  Your participation in any Meetup is voluntary and solely at your own risk Urban One does not bear any responsibility for activities that take place at any Meetups.  Please use good judgment when participating in any Meetup or other activity involving users that takes place outside of the Services.
 
 
9. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations of Liability
 
YOUR USE OF, AND RELIANCE ON, ANY ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING FROM OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.”  WE DISCLAIM ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. URBAN ONE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE ERROR FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS AND PROPERTY DAMAGE, EVEN IF WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, NOR SHALL WE BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS (US $50).
 
THESE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS DO NOT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER OR PURPORT TO LIMIT LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER THE LAW IN YOUR USUAL PLACE OF RESIDENCE. PLEASE REFER TO THE SPECIFIC TERMS OF THE ONEVIP PROGRAM AND CARD FOR ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS THAT MAY BE APPLICABLE TO THE ONEVIP CARD, AND RELATED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.
 
 
10. Third Party Websites and Content
 
For your convenience, the Services may provide links to websites of other persons or entities (“Third-Party Websites”). However, such Third-Party Websites are not controlled by Urban One.  Your use of Third-Party Websites is at your own risk. The inclusion of a link to a Third-Party Website in the Services does not imply an endorsement by Urban One.
 
 
11. Linking Policy
 
Urban One  grants you the revocable permission to link to the Urban One  Services provided, however, that your web site, or any Third-Party Websites that link to the Urban One   Services: (a) must not imply that Urban One or the  Services are endorsing or sponsoring it or its products, unless Urban One  has given its prior written consent; (b) must not present false information about, or disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in the sole opinion of Urban One , harm Urban One  or its products or services; (c) must not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial or otherwise objectionable (in the sole opinion of Urban One Digital); and (d) must be owned and controlled by you or the person or entity placing the link, or otherwise permit you to enable such link subject to these Terms. By linking to the Urban One Services, you agree that you do and will continue to comply with the linking requirements contained in these Terms. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms, Urban One reserves the right to prohibit linking to the Services for any reason, in our sole and absolute discretion, even if the linking complies with the requirements described above.
 
 
12. Charges for Urban One Services.
 
We may charge for access to portions of the Services or to the Services as a whole, and we reserve the right at any time to change the amount we charge for such access or subscriptions that include authorization to access the Services. In such event, we will notify you in advance, and give you an opportunity to subscribe (or un-subscribe) to the Service(s). More information about any such subscriptions can be found on the appropriate locations of the Services. You shall pay all applicable taxes relating to use of the services, and recognize that any fees to third parties that may be required for you to receive the service (such as mobile data plans and text message charges) are not included in the cost of the Services.
 
 
13. Dispute Resolution
 
Arbitration Agreement, Class-Action Waiver, And Jury Waiver
 
If you pursue a legal claim against Urban One, you agree to arbitration (with limited exceptions).
 
The exclusive means of resolving any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms (including any alleged breach thereof) or our Services shall be BINDING ARBITRATION administered by JAMS under the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures, except as modified by our Arbitration Procedures. The one exception to the exclusivity of arbitration is that either party has the right to bring an individual claim against the other in a small-claims court of competent jurisdiction, or, if filed in arbitration, the responding party may request that the dispute proceed in small claims court if the party’s claim is within the jurisdiction of the small claims court. If the responding party requests to proceed in small claims court before the appointment of the arbitrator, the arbitration shall be administratively closed, and if requested after the appointment of the arbitrator, the arbitrator shall determine if the dispute should be decided in arbitration or if the arbitration should be administratively closed and decided in small claims court. Whether you choose arbitration or small-claims court, you may not under any circumstances commence or maintain against the Urban One any class action, class arbitration, or other representative action or proceeding.
 
By using our Services in any manner, you agree to the above arbitration agreement. In doing so, YOU GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend any claims between you and the Urban One (except for matters that may be taken to small-claims court). YOU ALSO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR OTHER CLASS PROCEEDING. Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR, NOT A JUDGE OR JURY, and the arbitrator shall determine all issues regarding the arbitrability of the dispute. You are entitled to a fair hearing before the arbitrator. The arbitrator can grant any relief that a court can, but you should note that arbitration proceedings are usually simpler and more streamlined than trials and other judicial proceedings. Decisions by the arbitrator are enforceable in court and may be overturned by a court only for very limited reasons. For details on the arbitration process, see our Arbitration Procedures.
 
Any proceeding to enforce this arbitration agreement, including any proceeding to confirm, modify, or vacate an arbitration award, may be commenced in any court of competent jurisdiction. In the event that this arbitration agreement is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against the Urban One (except for small-claims court actions) may be commenced only in the federal or state courts located in New York, New York. You hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes.
 
Governing Law
 
New York law and the Federal Arbitration Act will apply if there is a dispute (except where prohibited by law).
 
Except where our arbitration agreement is prohibited by law, the laws of New York, U.S.A., excluding conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or our Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Arbitration Agreement in this Section 13 shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the choice of New York governing law shall not supersede any mandatory consumer protection legislation in such jurisdictions.
 
Venue
 
Any claims that are not submitted to arbitration for any reason must be litigated in New York, New York (except for claims brought in small claims court, or where prohibited by law).
 
Except for claims that may be properly brought in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction in the county or other jurisdiction in which you reside or in New York, New York , all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, to our Services, or to your relationship with Urban One that for whatever reason are not submitted to arbitration will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of New York New York. You and Urban One consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of courts in New York and waive any claim that such courts constitute an inconvenient forum.
 
 
14. General
 

No Waiver. No failure or delay by Urban One in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege under these Terms.
Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision, all of which will remain in full force and effect.
Paragraph and Section Titles are For Your Convenience. The paragraph or section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
This Is the Entire Agreement. These Terms and any Additional Terms represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding its subject matter, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the parties regarding its subject matter, and may not be amended, altered or waived except in text form by the party to be charged.
You shall not assign your rights or obligations hereunder without Urban One’s prior written consent.

 
 
15. CONTACTING US
 
If you have any additional questions or concerns about these Terms of Service, please contact us at ionelegal@interactiveone.com.



 



















Home
Community Events
Contact
Insights
Careers
Terms Of Service
Privacy
Radio One Scam Alert
 


















 

































