




































Supernova Community Guidelines - Supernova

















Supernova Charter
Student Ambassador







0


Supernova Support Centre


Brand Safety on Supernova
Supernova Community Standards
Supernova Community Guidelines

The significance of Context
Creator responsibility
Content for Children: Best Practices
Spam, deceptive practices, & scams policies
Policy on impersonation
Links in your Content
Fake Engagement Policy
Additional policies
Nudity and sexual content policies
Child Safety
Suicide & self-injury
Harmful or dangerous content policy
Violent or graphic content policies
Violent Criminal Organizations
Hate speech policy
Harassment and cyberbullying policy
Sale of Illegal or Regulated Goods or services
Policies on content featuring firearms

How to report Community Standards Violations on Supernova


Supernova Community Guidelines When you use Supernova, you become part of a global community of people. The following guidelines will help to ensure that Supernova remains a fun and enjoyable experience for everyone.
If you come across content that you believe violates these guidelines, please report it to our Supernova staff using the report button, which can be found in the three vertical buttons to the far right of each post.
Creators' best practises
Here are a few common-sense guidelines to help you understand our policies and avoid getting into trouble.

The significance of context
Creator accountability on Supernova
Content for Children: Best Practices

Spam and misleading practises
The Supernova Community is built on a foundation of trust. Supernova does not allow content that is intended to scam, mislead, spam, or defraud other users.

Policies on spam, deceptive practices and scam
Impersonation Policy
Incorporation of links into your content
Policy of fake engagement
Additional policies

Sensitive content
We hope to safeguard viewers, creators, and, most importantly, minors. That's why we have rules about child safety, sex and nudity, and self-harm. Learn what is and is not permitted on Supernova, as well as what to do if you come across content that violates these guidelines.

Nudity and sexual content
Child safety
Self harm

Content that is violent or dangerous
Supernova does not allow hate speech, predatory behaviour, graphic violence, malicious attacks, or content that promotes harmful or dangerous behaviour.

Harmful or dangerous content
Violent or graphic content
Violent criminal organizations
Hate speech
Harassment and cyberbullying

Goods that are regulated
Certain products are not allowed to be sold on Supernova. Find out what is and isn't permitted.

Regulated goods
Content featuring firearms

Please adhere to these guidelines. If a Supernova creator's on- and off-platform behaviour causes harm to our users, community, employees, or ecosystem, we may take action based on a variety of factors, including the egregiousness of their actions and whether there is a pattern of harmful behaviour. We will respond by suspending a creator's privileges, terminating their account and/ or informing the appropriate authorities, including Law Enforcement, of their violation. 
 


Community standards
Community guidelines
Press


Brand safety
Privacy
Terms





